# README.md -Analysis of the project
## Target user profile
In this project I have focused on a single goal, to create a good feeling for the person who is looking for people to hire. For this reason I have made a page with few bright colors, since my aim was not to publicize my artistic talents but to convey to the user, in this case the person viewing the curriculum vitae, that I am a serious person and professional This user, I believe that what is expected to be found at least in a curriculum vitae is an image of what the person who refers to the CV is like and what their experiences have been in the workplace, to know the qualifications they have and know the languages he is fluent in and of course if you are looking for a computer technician, how easy he is with the different programming languages he knows and uses.
## Information architecture
In this project it will be a single page in which it will contain all kinds of relevant information in my resume. First, we'll find a header with my full name, a profile picture of me, and the type of profession I'm looking for. At the bottom, we will find a presentation explaining who I am and what I am looking for, and to the right of it we will find the contact information where you can find my email, my phone and my LinkedIn. Later we can see the education sorted from most current to least current. Next, we can find the work experience which is ordered in the same way as the education, in addition here I specify which functions I have done in each of the jobs. Below we have the languages with the corresponding level of each. And finally, we have a section where you can see all the basic knowledge of the IT world that I have.
## Visual Design
In this project I used different shades of white, black and gray, and that's why they make the texts or the background. As for in the background I have used two shades of white to make like a type of paper I have used a type of white and around it I have put a gray color pulling on white. As for the inside of the "paper" I made a dark gray header with my name in white and the type of profession in another type of white. Regarding the rest of the document, I have been alternating types of black in all the different points. The typeface I used was serif, as I thought it was the most suitable typeface and that it fit best in my project. As for the design of the page, I was inspired by the resume I used last summer to look for a job, because I found the template to be suitable for the project I wanted to do. However, I have modified the structure a bit to be able to improve what I had already done in the curriculum.

Link of the figma project:
https://www.figma.com/file/IFrTjFJYu5yIzEjYjIvM9o/MI-CV?type=design&node-id=1%3A3&mode=design&t=p3t5mwWnnT4NoaC5-1
